You can record your own trace and sound and even share them with others! 
The record menu ha three differ record option so children can read and record their own voic or have their parents, brother, sister or a good friend to read the stori and record their voic for them. 
Turn your Android phone into a profession audio analyser. 
Measur the frequenc respons of your audio equipment, identifi tone and noises. 
Possibl to record through mic dure 5 min If you have issu with thi program or if you have some question don't hesit to write us an email. 
Control/navig is intuit with spoken words, audibl feedback, voic recognit and three learn modes. 
V2_0 Ad abil for user to record their own voic for words. 
User can record their own voic for word pronunciation. 
In quiz mode, user can specifi if speech recognit must be success befor reader get credit for word 
Recent changes: v2.0: Ad abil to record your own voic for words. 
Record your voice, press play and listen. 
An alarmm sound will play when a voice/nois is too loud, on movement or on touch. 
Crank up the tune or tri it out with your own voice. 
Simpl applic that record everyth pass through the mic and save it on your sd-card. 
record from microphon and simultan playback of other track (onli when use a wire headset) 
A built-in or extern microphon is required. 
Voic / Audio record (open source) 
Blow your microphon to make heat and start baking. 
See whatev your microphon can hear! 
The game is similar to Where' Waldo, but it' more fun, educ and best of all, parent get to interact with children becaus YOU record the audio. 
Record your own voic give your child a clue about the photo 
Now everywher I go, I take photo of thing we see togeth and record my voice. 
My kid have learn liter hundr of new words, objects, people, place and thing becaus they recogn my voic tell them what it is. 
I can't wait until they have more pre-load pack (they told me that' what wa come soon) so I can record my voice." 
SUGGESTION: Download pictur from the web or take them with your mobil camera, then record your voice! 
sampl record 
You onli need blow on the microphon (which is at the bottom of your phone) 
Our app use speech recognit technology. 
SuperCam is a profession mobil phone client softwar for digit video record and IP camera in CCTV surveil (compat model only). 
Voic interaction/anim 
Save and play your own sound and text 
Thi applic is a simpl and easi to use voic recorder. 
These uniqu features, combin with the abil to record in background, make ClearRecord must have for anyon interest in recording. 
Get nois free record in ani noisi environ like traffic, airplane, restaurant, etc 
Record speech, lectur and convers at 16 kHz and live music perform and natur sound at 44.1 kHz 
Record in background while run other app in the foreground. 
Support sampl frequenc of 16 kHz for voic record and 48 kHz for music record 
Good qualiti microphon are prefer for record 
The scarlet heart begin to trembl with a light touch to the display of your cell phone and respond to the sound of your voice. 
(noise) Acoustimet use your phone mic to measur nois volumn in decibels(dB) and show a reference. 
SPL(sound pressur level) noisemeter. 
Blow into the mic to extinguish the flame like a real candl 
You can even blow into your phone' mic to turn it off, just like extinguish a real candle. 
For most languages, you can speak your phrase and hear the correspond translations. 
record when lock 
rec/play/convert WAV, AIFF, FLAC Warning: thi lite version is limit to 1 minut playback/record per file. 
You can shake the device, press the pad to play or record your own sound. 
studio qualiti record sound 
Drum set Pro allow you to record your favorit beat and play it back or save it for later. 
Can record in Hi-Def / HD or Low-def video (an option in the settings). 
Other use includ as a blackbox video record to record your daili drives, If you have a featur you want to see in the app, pleas email me use the contact develop link below!. 
Record friend laugh or tri to sing, babi talking, or ani weird, funni nois you can find, and put it on your phone as a ringtone! 
You can also use it as a soundboard, and keep those hilari sound readi when you need them. 
Record sound with the touch of a button 
RECORD sampl with the microphone. 
Record your lyric to profession rap beats. 
Make your own lyric to these beats, record them with the easi to use lyric record user interface, and play them back. 
The beat are instrument and you will record your own lyric to the beats. 
You will need a pair of headphon to record your lyric so that the record doesn't hear the beat while record your voice. 
Hit menu, choos interact mode, and "hit" your microphone! 
Just blow on it, touch it, to turn it off and impress all your friend as well. 
Record and paly. 
Talk to Jenna the talk and answer bot. 
She answer with her funni voic and react to what you say or your touch. 
Cool voic interact 
record and talk 
Voic recognition, text to speach 
You can also use the frame with what you record. 
High qualiti 44KHz 16bit record and processing. 
Record Audio: Thi one should be obvious. 
Wake Lock: The app will prevent your devic from sleep when run to avoid audio cut out if you'r jam along. 
integr record 
Record your own audio 
Multitouch keyboard with multi-languag support, skins, voic input, T9 and compact, Smart dictionary, custom Auto-Text, hard keyboard support, calibration, mani appear and predict options. 
Make it your own deck by ad your voic or your child's! 
RECORD_AUDIO so that you can blow out the candl WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAG INTERNET ACCESS_NETWORK_ST READ_PHONE_ST So that you can upload your cake to Facebook. 
VoiceRecord is simpl voic note app. 
You can record veri easi and quick in ani situation. 
Voic input 
a walki talki for voic commun with multipl person through (also built-in) multi-channel ip server. 
Automat record all your call and save them on the sd-card. 
The ProPay App support the new ProPay JAK—a secur card reader that plug into the audio jack of your Smartphon or device. 
Cool voic interact 
etc The automat "Fart Machin Extreme": A fart will play when a voic or a nois is too loud. 
;) The talk fart: Talk to the eleph and he answer with hi funni fart voic and react to what you say or your touch. 
Hold the phone to your mouth and start talking. 
Record all incom and outgo call 
May not record the opposit side voic in some phone due to hardwar limit Note : In Some phone the tone from the othersid of the call might be a littl low. 
If so, pleas enabl speaker phone to get a clearer recording. 
The record audio file can be found in your SD card in androrec folder. 
Thi is a simpl voic recorder. 
Record: 
Record by background 
Record no time limit Playback: 
record audio 
play, record, pause/resume, convert audio files. 
record in background even when the phone is locked. 
Play and record in background. 
Audio Recorder. 
Recent changes: 2.1.1: Improv Korean Translat Improv Italian Translat 2.1: Extra 60 second record time for lite version. 
It is possibl to record your voice. 
After record your voice, draw a lot, then your voic can be heard at the first talk. 
Record audio in high qualiti directli into MP3 files! 
Voic dictation, songs, sermons, music, talks, and concert can be record in 44 kHz, much better than the default sound record application. 
Some devic are forc to record in 22 kHz if record in 44 kHz is impossible. 
Search for the ghost & record the proof! 
3. Record everyth 
You onli need blow on the microphon (which is at the bottom of your phone). 
Just open the app and start talk and you will see the microphon icon tell you it record 
sound detect (fart when someon talks) Easi way to prank people,great for use at school, dure meetings, or at parties. 
Download today and start recording! 
record preamp 
Record and playback your own sound 
You can also record your own sound (SD card required). 
Record ani sound with your device' built-in microphone. 
Record of one-shot sampl with a microphon 
Loop record with quantiz and overdub function 
Record of perform in export WAV format 
Session record and audio export More detail at: www.mikrosonic.com/spc 
Use applic that allow to automat or manual record all your telephon calls, incom and outgoing, in variou audio format (3GP MP4 Wave), do not requir loudspeak dure convers to get clear voic from the other side. 
Record telephon call both incom and outgo 
Captur the record in the background 
Microphon permiss is for the sound visualization. 
A note (notepad) applic where you can creat text-, voice- and paint-notes. 
Disco Light mode will turn your flash LED on and off with the surround sound. 
RECORD_AUDIO 
Use onli in Disco Light mode to do spectrum analysi (FFT) of surround sound. 
Talk Lili repeat everyth you say with a funni voice. 
Talk to Lili and she will repeat everyth you say with a funni voice. 
RECORD_AUDIO : Need thi permiss to record audio note, Church Servic or even Tape Dub featur (record audio be played) 
If you talk to him, he'll repeat everyth you say. 
Record your session by video and then share it with whoever you want. 
Talk to Jame Squirrel. 
He answer with hi funni voic and react to what you say or your touch. 
Cool voic interact 
Talk to Talk Pengu & Penga Penguin. 
They answer with their funni voic and react to what you say or your touch. 
Cool voic interact 
Sound Recorder, a good app for recording, it' conveni and practical. 
Record the sound 
With her you can sing Karaok song in your android phone, with the onli requir that you have the mp3 files. 
Record the song and your voic as you wish. 
After you click the button, a timer will appear indic how long the record ha taking. 
When you stops, a dialog will popup and ask you whether to convert the record wave file to the mp3 format, which is smaller in size. 
Record your own "Ouch" sound. 
Ani where, ani time, you can follow speak English loudli by listen the clear pronunci of the nativ English speaker and record your English pronunci continu until you feel perfect. 
24/7 record mode turn ani android devic into a tini DVR. 
Talk to Donald Donkey. 
He answer with hi funni voic and react to what you say or your touch. 
Voic interaction/anim 
Talk to Joe Ostrich the bird. 
He answer with hi funni voic and react to what you say or your touch. 
Voic interaction/anim 
Applic for registr of EVP (EVP voices), with the addit of an aid on the success of the recording. 
You will need to activ the record button and audio will be record in the twenty-second LITE VERSION that you can not stop. 
Record audio file can be view via the "Audio Files" and you can listen to them again (bi clicking) or email (bi click-hold). 
11. Everyth will be recorded... 
Record audio 
By combin voic recognition, machin translat and voic output iTransl is the first app to make the legendari SciFi dream of a Univers Translat reality. 
Voic recognit Simpli speak and instantli see your translation! 
Voic recognit Simpli speak and instantli see your translation! 
Support voic input. 
To use voic input, press the microphon button 
Make a femal voic sound deep and slow, turn your friend voic into a robot, a squeaki voic or sound like you are yell into an echo cave! 
Simpl Voic Changer allow you to record your voic or ani other sound use the phone' built-in microphon and appli funni effect to it. 
Of cours Simpl Voic Changer can also be use as a regular voic record. 
Talk to Talk Lui Lion. 
Voic interaction/anim 
RECORD_AUDIO to draw the oscilloscope; 
2. Fart Record 
Record your own fart and play them for your friends! 
Talk Wheeli TransForm repeat everyth you say with a funni voice. 
Talk to Wheeli and He will repeat everyth you say with a funni voice. 
Make free video and voic call to all your Googl contact when they use Googl Video and Voic Chat™ on their Mac and PC or when they use Vtok on their mobil devices. 
Video and voic call to Googl Video and Voic Chat user and other Vtok mobil users. 
Vtok user can call user of Googl Video and Voic Chat user on a Mac or a PC. 
Talk TransForm Lite repeat everyth you say with a funni voice. 
Talk to TransForm and He will repeat everyth you say with a funni voice. 
Talk to John Dog. 
He answer with hi funni voic and react to what you say or your touch. 
Voic interaction/anim 
Talk to Talk Alan Alien. 
He answer with hi funni voic and react to what you say or your touch. 
Voic interaction/anim 
Talk to him and he'll repeat what you say. 
NOTE: When recording, tri use differ record volum level (look for the record volum control within the app) in order to find the level that work best for your device. 
The default record level of 1 may not be optim for your device, so you may need to play around with that set to get good recordings. 
If you hear excess static dure playback, tri lower your record volum and make a new record use thi lower record volum setting. 
TROUBLESHOOT CHECKLIST: If you are unabl to record audio use thi app, tri the following: CHECK 1: Speak close into the microphone. 
CHECK 3: Rais the record volum from within the app. 
CHECK 4: Also, if you have a bluetooth headset and you are not abl to record audio or just get static, tri turn your bluetooth headset off and see if that resolv the issue. 
Talk to Didi the Dodo. 
He answer with hi funni voic and react to what you say or your touch. 
Cool voic interact 
Talk to Talk Babsi Baby. 
Cool voic interact 
Record a voic note to help you rememb key detail View Polici Inform & Auto Insur ID Card Need your polici inform while you'r on the go? 
It is a voic record accord to the PCM record of can..high sound quality..recording. 
record audio 
Talk to Talk Cat & Background Dog. 
He answer with hi funni voic and react to what you say or your touch. 
Voic interaction/anim 
Talk to the 3 Friend Cat & Bunny. 
They answer with her funni voic and react to what you say or your touch. 
Voic interaction/anim 
Talk to Georg the Giraffe. 
He answer with hi funni voic and react to what you say or your touch. 
Cool voic interact 
Record your voic and replay it Descript Add a fuzzi friend to phone with Talk Hairi Ball. 
Best of all, you can record sound or word and the Hairi Ball will speak them back to you. 
Keyword cat voic chang hairi rington listen anim cool app ball applic mouth parrot play game fun kid amaz record talk pet record sound dog changer 
Talk TransForm repeat everyth you say with a funni voice. 
Talk to Talk TransForm and He will repeat everyth you say with a funni voice. 
Sleep Talk Record 
A histori that save your record and sort them on a timeline, night by night, for easi navigation. 
Record in 16bit 16kHz HiFi sound. 
Termin record servic when not in use. 
Spi Phone is your all in one camera applic for secretli take pictures, record video and audio. 
Statu Indic let you know if your record 
Talk to Smile Simon. 
He answer with hi funni voic and react to what you say or your touch. 
Voic interaction/anim 
Record everyth you like with thi handi app. 
Speech to text for record name 
He also repeat anyth you say with hi robo voice. 
Record your own video of Robi and share them on YouTub & Facebook, send them by email/MM (text) or save them to SD card. 
Talk to Robi and he will repeat your word with hi robo voice. 
The Amaz Talk Emili Babi Top Talk App Talk to Talk Emili Baby. 
She answer with her funni voic and react to what you say or your touch. 
Cool voic interact 
The kitten will say back to you whatev you tell them in two funni voices! 
Talk Kid TransForm repeat everyth you say with a funni voice. 
Talk to Kid and He will repeat everyth you say with a funni voice. 
You can use it as a note or memo recorder, dictaphone, voic record or even to record a whole convers 
simpli click and start recording! 
Larg button to start and stop record 
Record dure screen-off AndRecord is not a call-record (although on some HTC and Motorola phones, it can record even dure calls, allow for call record when the speaker is used). 
Record your own "Ouch" sound. 
You can record your own sound V3 
Then you can talk to him, poke or tickl him or even have a telephon convers with him. 
Then you can talk to Ben and he will repeat. 
Record video and share them on YouTube, Facebook or send them to your friend and famili by email or MMS. 
Thi applic also a handi voic recorder.Y can record yourself like sound to set as ringtone. 
Add Voic Note 
Beauti and simpl voic recorder. 
Ad abil to brows pictur by folder 
Put a movi file and it subtitl file in a same folder of the device.