You can record your own traces and sounds and even share them with others! 
The recording menu has three different recording options so children can read and record their own voice or have their parents, brother, sister or a good friend to read the stories and record their voices for them. 
Turn your Android phone into a professional audio analyser. 
Measure the frequency response of your audio equipment, identify tones and noises. 
Possibility to record through mic during 5 mins If you have issues with this program or if you have some question don't hesitate to write us an email. 
Control/navigation is intuitive with spoken words, audible feedback, voice recognition and three learning modes. 
V2_0 Added ability for user to record their own voice for words. 
User can record their own voice for word pronunciation. 
In quiz mode, user can specify if speech recognition must be successful before reader gets credit for word 
Recent changes: v2.0: Added ability to record your own voice for words. 
Record your voice, press play and listen. 
An alarmm sound will play when a voice/noise is too loud, on movement or on touch. 
Crank up the tunes or try it out with your own voice. 
Simple application that records everything passing through the mic and saves it on your sd-card. 
record from microphone and simultaneous playback of other tracks (only when using a wired headset) 
A built-in or external microphone is required. 
Voice / Audio recorder (open source) 
Blow your microphone to make heat and start baking. 
See whatever your microphone can hear! 
The game is similar to Where's Waldo, but it's more fun, educational and best of all, parents get to interact with children because YOU record the audio. 
Record your own voice giving your child a clue about the photo 
Now everywhere I go, I take photos of things we see together and record my voice. 
My kids have learned literally hundreds of new words, objects, people, places and things because they recognize my voice telling them what it is. 
I can't wait until they have more pre-loaded packs (they told me that's what was coming soon) so I can record my voice." 
SUGGESTION: Download pictures from the web or take them with your mobile camera, then record your voice! 
samples recording 
You only need blow on the microphone (which is at the bottom of your phone) 
Our app uses speech recognition technology. 
SuperCam is a professional mobile phone client software for digital video recorders and IP cameras in CCTV surveillance (compatible models only). 
Voice interaction/animations 
Save and play your own sound and text 
This application is a simple and easy to use voice recorder. 
These unique features, combined with the ability to record in background, make ClearRecord must have for anyone interested in recording. 
Get noise free recordings in any noisy environment like traffic, airplane, restaurant, etc 
Record speech, lectures and conversations at 16 kHz and live music performance and natural sounds at 44.1 kHz 
Record in background while running other apps in the foreground. 
Supports sampling frequency of 16 kHz for voice recordings and 48 kHz for music recordings 
Good quality microphones are preferred for recording 
The scarlet heart begins to tremble with a light touch to the display of your cell phone and responds to the sound of your voice. 
(noise) Acoustimeter uses your phone mic to measure noise volumn in decibels(dB) and shows a reference. 
SPL(sound pressure level) noisemeter. 
Blow into the mic to extinguish the flame like a real candle 
You can even blow into your phone's mic to turn it off, just like extinguishing a real candle. 
For most languages, you can speak your phrases and hear the corresponding translations. 
record when locked 
rec/play/convert WAV, AIFF, FLAC Warning: this lite version is limited to 1 minute playback/recording per file. 
You can shake the device, press the pads to play or record your own sound. 
studio quality recorded sounds 
Drum set Pro allows you to record your favorite beat and play it back or save it for later. 
Can record in Hi-Def / HD or Low-def video (an option in the settings). 
Other uses include as a blackbox video recorder to record your daily drives, If you have a feature you want to see in the app, please email me using the contact developer link below!. 
Record friends laughing or trying to sing, babies talking, or any weird, funny noise you can find, and put it on your phone as a ringtone! 
You can also use it as a soundboard, and keep those hilarious sounds ready when you need them. 
Record sounds with the touch of a button 
RECORD samples with the microphone. 
Record your lyrics to professional rap beats. 
Make your own lyrics to these beats, record them with the easy to use lyric recording user interface, and play them back. 
The beats are instrumentals and you will record your own lyrics to the beats. 
You will need a pair of headphones to record your lyrics so that the recorder doesn't hear the beats while recording your voice. 
Hit menu, choose interactive mode, and "hit" your microphone! 
Just blow on it, touch it, to turn it off and impress all your friends as well. 
Record and paly. 
Talk to Jenna the talking and answering bot. 
She answers with her funny voice and reacts to what you say or your touch. 
Cool voice interaction 
records and talks 
Voice recognition, text to speach 
You can also use the frames with what you record. 
High quality 44KHz 16bit recording and processing. 
Record Audio: This one should be obvious. 
Wake Lock: The app will prevent your device from sleeping when running to avoid audio cutting out if you're jamming along. 
integrated recorder 
Record your own audio 
Multitouch keyboard with multi-language support, skins, voice input, T9 and compact, Smart dictionary, custom Auto-Text, hard keyboard support, calibration, many appearance and prediction options. 
Make it your own deck by adding your voice or your child's! 
RECORD_AUDIO so that you can blow out the candles WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE INTERNET ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE READ_PHONE_STATE So that you can upload your cakes to Facebook. 
VoiceRecorder is simple voice note app. 
You can record very easy and quick in any situation. 
Voice input 
a walkie talkie for voice communication with multiple persons through (also built-in) multi-channel ip server. 
Automatically records all your calls and saves them on the sd-card. 
The ProPay App supports the new ProPay JAK—a secure card reader that plugs into the audio jack of your Smartphone or device. 
Cool voice interaction 
etc The automatic "Fart Machine Extreme": A fart will play when a voice or a noise is too loud. 
;) The talking fart: Talk to the elephant and he answers with his funny fart voice and reacts to what you say or your touch. 
Hold the phone to your mouth and start talking. 
Records all incoming and outgoing calls 
May not record the opposite side voice in some phones due to hardware limitations Note : In Some phones the tone from the otherside of the call might be a little low. 
If so, please enable speaker phone to get a clearer recording. 
The recorded audio files can be found in your SD card in androrec folder. 
This is a simple voice recorder. 
Record: 
Records by background 
Records no time limit Playback: 
record audio 
play, record, pause/resume, convert audio files. 
record in background even when the phone is locked. 
Plays and records in background. 
Audio Recorder. 
Recent changes: 2.1.1: Improved Korean Translation Improved Italian Translation 2.1: Extra 60 seconds recording time for lite version. 
It is possible to record your voice. 
After recording your voice, draw a lot, then your voice can be heard at the first talk. 
Record audio in high quality directly into MP3 files! 
Voice dictation, songs, sermons, music, talks, and concerts can be recorded in 44 kHz, much better than the default sound recorder application. 
Some devices are forced to record in 22 kHz if recording in 44 kHz is impossible. 
Search for the ghosts & record the proof! 
3. Records everything 
You only need blow on the microphone (which is at the bottom of your phone). 
Just open the app and start talking and you will see the microphone icon telling you its recording 
sound detect (fart when someone talks) Easy way to prank people,great for using at school, during meetings, or at parties. 
Download today and start recording! 
recording preamp 
Record and playback your own sound 
You can also record your own sound (SD card required). 
Record any sound with your device's built-in microphone. 
Recording of one-shot samples with a microphone 
Loop recorder with quantization and overdub function 
Recording of performances in exportable WAV format 
Session recording and audio export More details at: www.mikrosonic.com/spc 
Useful application that allows to automatically or manually record all your telephone calls, incoming and outgoing, in various audio formats (3GP MP4 Wave), do not require loudspeaker during conversation to get clear voice from the other side. 
Record telephone calls both incoming and outgoing 
Capture the recordings in the background 
Microphone permission is for the sound visualization. 
A note (notepad) application where you can create text-, voice- and paint-notes. 
Disco Light mode will turn your flash LED on and off with the surrounding sound. 
RECORD_AUDIO 
Used only in Disco Light mode to do spectrum analysis (FFT) of surrounding sound. 
Talking Lily repeats everything you say with a funny voice. 
Talk to Lily and she will repeat everything you say with a funny voice. 
RECORD_AUDIO : Need this permission to record audio note, Church Service or even Tape Dubbing feature (recording audio being played) 
If you talk to him, he'll repeat everything you say. 
Record your session by video and then share it with whoever you want. 
Talk to James Squirrel. 
He answers with his funny voice and reacts to what you say or your touch. 
Cool voice interaction 
Talk to Talking Pengu & Penga Penguin. 
They answer with their funny voices and react to what you say or your touch. 
Cool voice interaction 
Sound Recorder, a good app for recording, it's convenient and practical. 
Recording the sound 
With her you can sing Karaoke songs in your android phone, with the only requirement that you have the mp3 files. 
Record the song and your voice as you wish. 
After you click the button, a timer will appear indicating how long the recording has taking. 
When you stops, a dialog will popup and ask you whether to convert the recording wave file to the mp3 format, which is smaller in size. 
Record your own "Ouch" sound. 
Any where, any time, you can follow speaking English loudly by listening the clear pronunciation of the native English speaker and record your English pronunciation continuously until you feel perfect. 
24/7 recording mode turns any android device into a tiny DVR. 
Talk to Donald Donkey. 
He answers with his funny voice and reacts to what you say or your touch. 
Voice interaction/animations 
Talk to Joe Ostrich the bird. 
He answers with his funny voice and reacts to what you say or your touch. 
Voice interaction/animations 
Application for registration of EVP (EVP voices), with the addition of an aid on the success of the recording. 
You will need to activate the record button and audio will be recorded in the twenty-second LITE VERSION that you can not stop. 
Recorded audio files can be viewed via the "Audio Files" and you can listen to them again (by clicking) or email (by click-hold). 
11. Everything will be recorded... 
Record audio 
By combining voice recognition, machine translation and voice output iTranslate is the first app to make the legendary SciFi dream of a Universal Translator reality. 
Voice recognition Simply speak and instantly see your translation! 
Voice recognition Simply speak and instantly see your translation! 
Support voice input. 
To use voice input, press the microphone button 
Make a female voice sound deep and slow, turn your friends voice into a robot, a squeaky voice or sound like you are yelling into an echoing cave! 
Simple Voice Changer allows you to record your voice or any other sound using the phone's built-in microphone and apply funny effects to it. 
Of course Simple Voice Changer can also be used as a regular voice record. 
Talk to Talking Luis Lion. 
Voice interaction/animations 
RECORD_AUDIO to draw the oscilloscope; 
2. Fart Recorder 
Record your own farts and play them for your friends! 
Talking Wheelie TransFormers repeats everything you say with a funny voice. 
Talk to Wheelie and He will repeat everything you say with a funny voice. 
Make free video and voice calls to all your Google contacts when they use Google Video and Voice Chat™ on their Macs and PCs or when they use Vtok on their mobile devices. 
Video and voice calls to Google Video and Voice Chat users and other Vtok mobile users. 
Vtok users can call users of Google Video and Voice Chat users on a Mac or a PC. 
Talking TransFormers Lite repeats everything you say with a funny voice. 
Talk to TransFormers and He will repeat everything you say with a funny voice. 
Talk to John Dog. 
He answers with his funny voice and reacts to what you say or your touch. 
Voice interaction/animations 
Talk to Talking Alan Alien. 
He answers with his funny voice and reacts to what you say or your touch. 
Voice interaction/animations 
Talk to him and he'll repeat what you say. 
NOTE: When recording, try using different recording volume levels (look for the recording volume control within the app) in order to find the levels that work best for your device. 
The default recording level of 1 may not be optimal for your device, so you may need to play around with that setting to get good recordings. 
If you hear excessive static during playback, try lowering your recording volume and make a new recording using this lower recording volume setting. 
TROUBLESHOOTING CHECKLIST: If you are unable to record audio using this app, try the following: CHECK 1: Speak closely into the microphone. 
CHECK 3: Raise the recording volume from within the app. 
CHECK 4: Also, if you have a bluetooth headset and you are not able to record audio or just get static, try turning your bluetooth headset off and see if that resolves the issue. 
Talk to Didi the Dodo. 
He answers with his funny voice and reacts to what you say or your touch. 
Cool voice interaction 
Talk to Talking Babsy Baby. 
Cool voice interaction 
Record a voice note to help you remember key details View Policy Information & Auto Insurance ID Cards Need your policy information while you're on the go? 
It is a voice recorder according to the PCM recording of can..high sound quality..recording. 
record audio 
Talk to Talking Cat & Background Dog. 
He answers with his funny voice and reacts to what you say or your touch. 
Voice interaction/animations 
Talk to the 3 Friends Cats & Bunny. 
They answer with her funny voices and react to what you say or your touch. 
Voice interaction/animations 
Talk to George the Giraffe. 
He answers with his funny voice and reacts to what you say or your touch. 
Cool voice interaction 
Record your voice and replay it Description Add a fuzzy friend to phone with Talking Hairy Ball. 
Best of all, you can record sounds or words and the Hairy Ball will speak them back to you. 
Keywords cat voice change hairy ringtone listen animal cool app ball application mouth parrot play game fun kids amazing record talking pet recorder sound dog changer 
Talking TransFormers repeats everything you say with a funny voice. 
Talk to Talking TransFormers and He will repeat everything you say with a funny voice. 
Sleep Talk Recorder 
A history that saves your recordings and sorts them on a timeline, night by night, for easy navigation. 
Records in 16bit 16kHz HiFi sound. 
Terminating recording service when not in use. 
Spy Phone is your all in one camera application for secretly taking pictures, recording video and audio. 
Status Indicator lets you know if your recording 
Talk to Smiling Simon. 
He answers with his funny voice and reacts to what you say or your touch. 
Voice interaction/animations 
Record everything you like with this handy app. 
Speech to text for record names 
He also repeats anything you say with his robo voice. 
Record your own videos of Roby and share them on YouTube & Facebook, send them by email/MMS (text) or save them to SD card. 
Talk to Roby and he will repeat your words with his robo voice. 
The Amazing Talking Emily Baby Top Talking App Talk to Talking Emily Baby. 
She answers with her funny voice and reacts to what you say or your touch. 
Cool voice interaction 
The kittens will say back to you whatever you tell them in two funny voices! 
Talking Kid TransFormers repeats everything you say with a funny voice. 
Talk to Kid and He will repeat everything you say with a funny voice. 
You can use it as a note or memo recorder, dictaphone, voice recorder or even to record a whole conversation 
simply click and start recording! 
Large button to start and stop recording 
Records during screen-off AndRecorder is not a call-recorder (although on some HTC and Motorola phones, it can record even during calls, allowing for call recording when the speaker is used). 
Record your own "Ouch" sound. 
You can record your own sound V3 
Then you can talk to him, poke or tickle him or even have a telephone conversation with him. 
Then you can talk to Ben and he will repeat. 
Record videos and share them on YouTube, Facebook or send them to your friends and family by email or MMS. 
This application also a handy voice recorder.You can record yourself like sound to set as ringtone. 
Add Voice Notes 
Beautiful and simple voice recorder. 
Added ability to browse pictures by folder 
Put a movie file and its subtitle file in a same folder of the device. 